[Music]
growing up to five meters in length
these crocodiles hunt and scavenge as a
lava crops
a hippo carcass just down the river from
the studio is instantly set upon by
these voracious reptiles
this is by the hundred meters in front
of us a classic Luangwa scene in bed I
bow in the water and about 30 crocodiles
what's amazing is that there are two
three hippos that are coming in and
actually trying to force the crocodiles
off the carcass obviously mum will be
one of them
there seems to be a whole gang of
they're trying to force the crops off
for Lake Taylor sleeves peaches so it's
pretty crime evil holy hippos and
crocodiles normally coexist peacefully
the Crocs will take every opportunity to
prey on a weak animal or scavenge a dead
one we've seen one or two of these
hippos doing these big yawning displays
which is really a threat to the
crocodiles they're trying to drive the
crocodiles off with this big yawn and
you know sharp teeth nothing but the
Crocs obviously not intimidated by that
at all and the crops are here in number
so that you know the hippos have got no
chance really of driving them up
Allisyn Leslie is one of the foremost
authorities on Nile crocodiles she
explains to one of the film crew the
unique manner in which the Crocs feed if
it's a bony chunk that will literally
just crush 2,000 pounds per square inch
they were just crushing until it's you
know in a sort of a soft enough
condition that they can just swallow and
if it's a chunk of say for example skin
or innards they just pull him out and
shaking shaking shaking tears food
literally slides down their throat
there's some sort of hierarchy there
that we rely on each other to actually
grab onto either end of a piece of prey
and in their rotating opposite direction
so although to us it looks like this mad
frenzy and splashing and going on
there's actually a really controlled
sort of system in place there amazing
yourself
this is going to be the end of the road
for a lot of salmon these bears are
really hungry
they haven't tasted salmon for ten
months and the big males battle for the
best fishing spots
the longer the salmon take over their
journey upstream the weaker they become
and these Falls present them with their
biggest challenge yet
although the Falls aren't very tall
the Bears hold the high ground the
salmon makes short exploratory leaps to
see where the Bears are
but they don't always get it right
this mother bear has been waiting months
for this moment competition is fierce
for these first salmon even between a
mother and her own Cubs
more and more fish arrived at the foot
of the forms
eventually they have to go for it
regardless of the danger
[Music]
these 35-grand fluff balls must learn
fast or face being swept away
[Music]
Mumm leads them down the side of the
force
[Music]
their goal is a rocky island
mum and dad gather their chicks and
they're off
[Music]
Ducky's downy feathers trap air like a
life jacket as they bob across the
surface
[Music]
that's a good start
the one jig is swept away
frantically for that missing Dudley
[Music]
Mikhail's they have to make a difficult
choice to risk everything for a rescue
or keep their other chick safe
they push across the final current to
the block
mom makes a break for it
one lone chick struggles through
swiftly followed by dad
[Music]
the current is so strong it carries them
downstream through the territory of
ill-tempered hippos
and towards the rapids
[Music]
all the adults start to harass the
caiman as the Cubs keep their distance
Saphir takes her position at the front
sizing up the caiman others move in to
try to distract it
Diablo once again moves in from behind
and goes for the tail
but the Cayman refuses to back down and
then begins to fight back
[Applause]
[Music]
the Cubs panic and follow the adults
right into the middle of the fight
they're in extreme danger now so the
adult otters step up the assault
the caiman tries to head for the safety
of the bushes but it's too late he's
outnumbered the otters seize the moment
[Applause]
incredibly they overpower the caiman
some holding it down
others biting it in the head
after nearly an hour of brutal fighting
it's all over
[Applause]
[Music]